Add summaries for benchmarking and tools for working with chunked datasets (#1)
HEFTIEProject/project-report: README.md

- a guide to designing parallel processing algorithms to work efficiently with chunked datasets
- a guide to exporting chunked datasets to other 'tradditional' datasets

## Benchmarking for Zarr

> We created a set of benchmarks for writing data to Zarr with a range of different configurations as guidance for the options available when reading and writing 3D imaging data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created a [set of benchmarks](https://github.com/HEFTIEProject/zarr-benchmarks) for reading / writing data to Zarr with a range of different configurations. These benchmarks provide guidance on how selection of different configurations affect data size and read/write performance. 
```
Would be good to link to the repo? + emphasise it's read + write measurments.

> The different parameters were:

Reviewer: Link to the final report?
e.g. 'The final benchmarking results are summarised into [a short report](https://heftieproject.github.io/zarr-benchmarks/) to help researchers choose the best options for their image datasets'

> - Type of image

Reviewer: Here you're mixing the different parameters (e.g. type of image = heart / dense /sparse) with benchmarking results (e.g. compressor = blosc-zstd provides the best compression ratio). Maybe just list the different parameters options here, and link to the final report for results? Not sure what @dstansby 's preference is.

  - Heart: HiP-CT scan of a heart from the Human Organ Atlas
  - Dense: segmented neurons from electron microscopy
  - Sparse: A few select segmented neurons from electron microscopy
- Software libraries
  - Tensorstore (fastest for both reading and writing data)
  - zarr-python version 3
  - zarr-python version 2 (slowest for both reading and writing data)
- Compressor
  - blosc-zstd provides the best compression ratio, for image and segmentation data. (options were blosc-blosclz, blosc-lz4, blosc-lz4hc, blosc-zlib, blosc-zstd as well as gzip and zstd)
- Compression level
  - Setting compression levels beyond ~3 results in slightly better data compression but much longer write times. Compression level does not affect read time.
- Shuffle
  - Setting the shuffle option increases data compression with no adverse effect on read/write times (shuffle, bitshuffle and noshuffle were the 3 options)
- Zarr format version
  - There was no noticeable difference between Zarr format 2 and Zarr format 3 data
- Chunk size
  - Setting a low chunk size (below around 90) has an adverse effect on read and write times.

## Tools for working with chunked datasets

> Contributions have been made to the zarr-python repository:

Reviewer: Do we need a brief description of what each of these contributions does + why it was useful? Again, not sure how much detail we need to go into here

- [Add CLI for converting v2 metadata to v3](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/3257)

> - [Added ArrayNotFoundError](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/3367)

Reviewer: Not sure if we want to include them, but I did do a couple of other minor PRs: 
- [prevent lines containing ... being excluded from coverage](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/3298)
- [Minor fixes for zarr.codecs.numcodecs](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/3459)

PRs have been opened in the zarr-python repository:

> - [Prevent creation of arrays/groups under a parent array](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/3407)

Reviewer: This PR (prevent creation of arrays/groups../) has been merged now - so can move up into 'contributions made'

> - [Holding space - Better document acceptable values for StoreLike]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This PR has been merged now! So the following can move up into the 'contributions made' section.
- [Better document acceptable values for StoreLike](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/pull/3480)

- [Holding space - LRUStoreCache]

> PRs have also been opened for:

Reviewer: Only issues have been opened for `dask` / `skimage` - not PRs
